yesterday in the early morning a police chase led to the
death of a child under 16 years of age who was traveling in a vehicle that was
The escape
The young man's family is devastated and this tragedy leaves many questions
solve
more extreme in this special report
everything started at a party on Saturday night in block 400 south of
damask and saic
there a group of young people met as they say to have a good time
a birthday party
what they did not expect was that hours later another group of Cuban boys from
older they came to the party and according to one of the attendees a
witness began to annoy and hit two young girls friends of them
by sameer all sorry Juan Pablo he runs around the house
and he stopped until playing current that's happening he had nothing am with wearing
playing between community schools
the cause or contracts
the tribute without winning out
Adaro Pamplona Spain is in the air
they beat me to her
when the student only one of the party goers
911 was called to ask for help and moments later a police patrol
department of the che same place and it was there when the persecution began
since the youths pointed to the crew of a pick-up truck
ap brand chevrolet of black color as the cause of the disturbance
the constables followed for a few blocks to which goal led by
alonso rodríguez of 20 years when he lost control of the steering wheel and
crashed into a fence of a house we saw that every I think every time
undercut the troca with it every pipe
He jumped like man
the blow that brought the troca of the retro that is to touch in her
the accident happened between five and a half and six in the morning of Sunday
and caused the driver and another passenger alfonso rodríguez to be
transported to the hospital healthy doctors with minor injuries for observation
another of the passengers who was traveling in the box of the jesus chevrolet truck
Ramirez was unharmed
Not so was the fate of Uriel, 16 years old, who lost his life
as a result of this persecution
or the molinón inc
the block he was very good young everyone they knew it is very sad and really
we are going to miss it
Mari's father light and advisor with his family
they were devastated friendship
none of the methods from other sides
was postponed due to the scorecard of a single-seater search
bing
Liverpool
or the court for a small fee
the driver of the van faces charges of assault
So far, the relationship of Uria with the driver of the
vehicle
an autopsy is being performed to learn more details of his
death
reporters cameramen
dani barriers